We finish our form in its basic form.
But time to add some validation to it.
We do it validation of course in our types of code.
Right now there is no validation attached to any of the controls and that is not really the behavior.
And when we initialize the form here at the end of it for him for name for example I want to add a built
in validator.
So from the validators package which we need to import from an Anglo forms.
So from this package I want to add the required validator don't execute it don't add parentheses.
You only want to pass a reference to this validator so that Engler is able to execute this method at
the time it validates the input.
Now the image path that should also be required.
So I'll repeat the procedure here as required.
Don't execute it and don't copy it because it also won't require the description for the ingredients.
When we create a new ingredient here the name should also be required and the amount here I'm going
to add two checks the first one is that it's required.
The second element here actually is the pattern validator.
And here we can copy the pattern we use in the shopping edit component.
This regular expression here is the same expression I want to validate your year that we only have positive
numbers here and pattern you'll simply pass a regular expression by putting two forward slashes and
in-between your expression without any quotation marks here.
So that is the pattern and we do execute this method because this acts like a factory.
It gives us back D configured validator then which will be used by angler but to configure it we need
to pass an argument right.
We need to tell that what should be our pattern so that ARDE validators for a new form control in the
array for you amount control I should say.
Let's also copy that to the on ADD ingredient Meffert or we also create a new form array form group.
So here I will set the default values to now and then also add my validators.
And the same for the name should have an empty default value.
And then you're just required validator.
So now validation should be added to the form successful and to use it I will this able to save button
if the form is not valid.
So I will bind to disabled and check if recipe for form is not valid.
Well let's see if this reloads we should see
that the save button gets disabled I would say but I've got to well at 4 am here.
So let's empty the name and it's disabled.
That looks good.
Let's now empty that description disabled or ill disabled or any control here.
So the name of this ingredient or maybe the number or a negative number so that all seems to work the
validation state is successfully taken into account.
Now to finish the validation I'll go to my C S S sheet and I want to mark invalid inputs.
Now we get this handy Engy invalid class which is added to anything which is invalid.
And that's the problem.
If I add a border of let's say one pixel solid and dread.
Well watch for yourself.
If I remove that not only is the name input field invalid the whole form is.
So the whole form has this ugly border.
Well we can simply change this to assign energy or assign this class this style I should say only two
elements with hefty Engy invalid class but which also are an input or optionally to be very explicit
here a text area in our case here with ngi in ballot so if does.
Now we should make sure that if I remove this only the box itself receives the red border to prevent
this from having the red border right from the start.
I'll also add ngi touched here as a check or as a class which has to be present so that we at least
had to click into that control to market as invalid.
You will see what I mean if I add a new recipe.
Everything is clean.
If I click in here and out of there now it has the red border.
So that is validation of working as it looks to me.
Now let's make sure that we can actually submit a form and save it or is successfully updated.